feature/css-animations: add toast animations challenge (#85)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/css-animations/toast-animations/README.md

# Toast Animation

> In this codesandbox you are gonna practice to animate properties in CSS!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this CodeSandbox you are going to practice animating properties in CSS!
```
👩🏼‍🏫

## Task

### Part 1

The hover effect on the submit button looks quite ugly. Let's change that.

> - Add a `transition` property to the submit button and animate the transition to the hover state for all properties. Find some values that you personally like.

Reviewer 2: If you do so, it only animates on the way in, not the way out, because it's not hovered anymore by then

### Part 2

When you click on the button, a toast appears on the bottom right corner. Lets animate it as well, but this time we want a different animation when the toast leaves the screen!

- first define a transition in the `.toast.enter` ruleset. This will be describing the enter animation.

> - then define the exit animation in the `.toast.exit` ruleset. This time use the bezier tool in the developer tools to find an animation that overshoots a little to the left before the toast leaves to the right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- then define the exit animation in the `.toast.exit` ruleset. This time use the bezier tool in the developer tools to find an animation that bounces a little to the left before the toast leaves to the right.
```
I'm going to be crazy nit-picky here, but "overshoots" isn't the correct term here. It would be the correct term if it was on the `.toast.enter` transition. This animation type is usually referred to as a bounce animation, which is fairly similar to a rubber band animation. :)
